# Chapter 1. Getting Started

## Exercise 1.1
> Review the documentation for your compiler and determine what file naming convention it uses. Compile and run the `main` program from page 2.

## Exercise 1.2
> Change the program to return -1. A return value of -1 is
often treated as an indicator that the program failed. Recompile and
rerun your program to see how your system treats a failure indicator from
`main`.

## Exercise 1.3
> Write a program to print `Hello, World` on the standard output.

## Exercise 1.4
> Our program used the addition operator, +, to add two numbers. Write a program that uses the multiplication operator, *, to print the product instead.

## Exercise 1.5
> We wrote the output in one large statement. Rewrite the program to use a separate statement to print each operand.

## Exercise 1.6
> Explain whether the following program fragment is legal.

	std::cout << "The sum of " << v1;
	<< " and " << v2;
	<< " is " << v1 + v2 << std::endl;
> If the program is legal, what does it do? If the program is not legal, why not? How would you fix it?

## Exercise 1.7
> Compile a program that has incorrectly nested comments.

## Exercise 1.8
> Indicate which, if any, of the following output statements are legal:

	std::cout << "/*";
	std::cout << "*/";
	std::cout << /* "/" /;
	std::cout << /* "" "/*" */;
> After you’ve predicted what will happen, test your answers by compiling a program with each of these statements. Correct any errors you encounter.

## Exercise 1.9
> Write a program that uses a `while` to sum the numbers from 50 to 100.

## Exercise 1.10
> In addition to the ++ operator that adds 1 to its operand, there is a decrement operator (--) that subtracts 1. Use the decrement operator to write a `while` that prints the numbers from ten down to zero.

## Exercise 1.11
> Write a program that prompts the user for two integers. Print each number in the range specified by those two integers.
